Added page on external resources (#622)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: team/tools.rst

#############################
Tools and external resources
#############################

> DM uses many third party tools and  systems. 
> We have services account on most of these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DM uses many third party tools and systems. 
We have service accounts for most of these.
```

Passwords are stored in 1Password vaults. 

> Before creating or asking for a new third part service please consult `#rubinobs-it-public <https://lsstc.slack.com/archives/CDY9NGNJ1>`_ on Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating or asking for a new third party service please consult `#rubinobs-it-public <https://lsstc.slack.com/archives/CDY9NGNJ1>`_ on Slack.
```
